CASMNET-1803 | network upgrades for CANU specific things 1.2 (#2241)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/network/management_network/generate_switch_configs.md

# Generate Switch Configurations

Generating configuration files can be done for a single switch or for the full system.

For example, if there is a suspected configuration issue on single switch, a configuration file can be generated for only that switch in order to simplify debugging.

## Prerequisites

> * CANU installed with 1.6.13 or later versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CANU installed with 1.1.11 or later versions.
```
